Yan Nanheng's current blackening value is 80%.
He may not come to see me
Even if you come, it may be a lady
Why are you here alone?
Let's have a drink together.
Don't be shameless
You pussies
Isn't that why I'm here?
Figure out who is the big money
I'll kill you
Master Qing, go away
Why are you so haggard?
What's the matter? Are you sick?
I didn't mean to treat you like that two days ago.
Something happened to my house and I had to ask him for help.
I can only listen to him
and
I didn't mean to say those things to humiliate you either
Really?
Don't be angry with me.
Sorry, Nanhang
Are you done?
I'm late.
You won't say a few words because of you
I forgive you again
Let you tease
I owe you money
I'll pay you back with interest
So
Can we go?
I didn't come to you to get it right
The things you said to me
I'll give it back to you intact.
You have to be self-aware.
And the most basic shame you say
Who is Master Qing?
A self-righteous fool
Miss please get off
Host be careful
This is Stephen's guy in front of you.
Miss, be careful
hop in.